Oscar Worker Pool and parallel functions functionality such as pmap. (#4780)
oscar-system/Oscar.jl: experimental/Parallel/README.md

# Parallel, resp. distributed computations in Oscar

## Provide simple tools to deploy embarrassingly parallel tasks to workers

> The standard julia methods for parallelization do not naturally go well together with 
> Oscar datatypes. The main reason is that the `parent` structure needs to be maintained 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of standard julia methods for parallelization within Oscar encounters some structural challenges. In particular Oscar datatypes may require some `parent` structure to be maintained 
```
